Add a checklist to update book if needed (#972)
Tracel-AI/burn: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Checklist

- [ ] Confirmed that `run-checks all` script has been executed.

> - [ ] Made sure the book is up to date for this PR changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Made sure the book is up to date with changes in this PR.
```

Otherwise `these PR changes`
